base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (1).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (1).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (2).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (2).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (3).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (3).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (4).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (4).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (5).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (5).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (6).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (6).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (7).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (7).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (8).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (8).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (9).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (9).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/biblioteca/biblioteca (10).pgm base/histogram_extractor/biblioteca/biblioteca (10).txt biblioteca
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (1).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (1).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (2).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (2).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (3).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (3).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (4).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (4).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (5).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (5).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (6).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (6).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (7).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (7).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (8).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (8).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (9).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (9).txt bloco3
base/pgm/bloco3/bloco3 (10).pgm base/histogram_extractor/bloco3/bloco3 (10).txt bloco3
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (1).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (1).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (2).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (2).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (3).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (3).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (4).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (4).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (5).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (5).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (6).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (6).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (7).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (7).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (8).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (8).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (9).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (9).txt entrada
base/pgm/entrada/entrada (10).pgm base/histogram_extractor/entrada/entrada (10).txt entrada
